Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/XAF_how-to-access-the-scheduler-control-e225: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E225)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# XAF - How to Access the Scheduler Control

> This example demonstrates how to access the Scheduler control in XAF Windows Forms and ASP.NET Web Forms applications. For details, refer to the following help topic: [Access the Scheduler Control in Code](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/112812/event-planning-and-notifications/scheduler/scheduler-module-overview#access-the-scheduler-control-in-code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to access the Scheduler control in XAF Windows Forms and ASP.NET Web Forms applications. For more information, refer to the following help topic: [Access the Scheduler Control in Code](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/112812/event-planning-and-notifications/scheduler/scheduler-module-overview#access-the-scheduler-control-in-code).
```
